# Wordpress with preinstalled plugins

## Built & run

### Building commands
In order to build it run:

```
git clone ^this_repo^
cd ^repo_folder^
docker build --tag ^a name for your container^ --no-cache .
```
### Test run
In order to run it try the following (for development & testing purpose only):

```
docker create network --ip-range=172.12.0.0/19 ^network_name^
docker run --name ^a name^ --net ^network_name^ --ip 172.12.0.2 -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=^a super strong password^ -d mariadb
docker run --name ^an another name^ --net ^network_name^ --ip 172.12.0.2 --link ^a name^:mysql -p 8080:80 -e WORDPRESS_URL=172.12.0.3 -e WORDPRESS_DB_PASSWORD=^a super strong password^ -d ^autogenerated hash from docker build or the tag^
```
__NOTE:__
The value WORDPRESS_URL is recomended to be website's url that the user will type on the browser. For **development** purpoce please use http://0.0.0.0:^mapped_port^

### Enviromentall variables  & configuration
Supports these extra enviromental variables:

Variable Name | Defalt Value | Description
--- | --- | ---
WORDPRESS_ADMIN_USERNAME | *admin* | The username of the admin user
WORDPRESS_ADMIN_PASSWORD | *admin123* | The password of the admin user. __PLEASE DO CHANGE WHEN ON PRODUCTION__.
WORDPRESS_ADMIN_EMAIL | *admin@example.com* | The administrator email. (Recomended to change.)
WORDPRESS_URL | * localhost* | Your site's url. __PLEASE SET AS CONTAINERS IP. TESTED WITH THAT__
WORDPRESS_TITLE | *My localhost site* | The title to be displayed when generating the site.

Also inherits all the enviromental varialbes from the original wordpress docker image: https://hub.docker.com/_/wordpress/

__NOTE:__
`WORDPRESS_ADMIN_USERNAME` must have a __DIFFERENT__ value from __WORDPRESS_ADMIN_PASSWORD__ in order to be able to login to wordpress dashboard.

## Recomended Testing & Reverse proxy settting for depployment

### Testing via browser __WITHOUT__ proxy:

On you terminal type:

> docker inspect ^container name or hash^

And on the json that has been output look for `"IPAddress"` visit this ip addresss to your borwser and it will work (with broken urls for assets)

### Using apache2 as reverse proxy: (Recomended way)

The best way to test it is to use apache2 (or another web server or web proxy) in order to achieve a multi purpose testing and deployment bedrock.

The minimal configutation for apache2 is to enaable:

And create the following virtualhost.

````
<VirtualHost *:80>

ProxyPass /  ^container's ip^/
ProxyPassReverse  ^container's ip^/ /

</Virtualhost>
```

Or Alternatively (for development & testing purpose):

````
<VirtualHost *:80>

ProxyPass /somename  ^container's ip^/
ProxyPassReverse  ^container's ip^/ /somename

</Virtualhost>
```

Note that the value that replaces ^sites' url or container's ip^ must be a valid url starting with http or https and ending with / (in order for assets to work)

### Further Deployment notes

- When deploying always use a valid url in order to word.
- Even on testing and development please use a webserver as reverse proxy.
